<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
    <h:head>
        <title>Formula 1</title>
        <style>
            * {
                margin: 0;
                padding: 0;
                box-sizing: border-box;
            }

            body {
                font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
                background-color: white;
            }

            /* HEADER */
            .header {
                display: flex;
                align-items: center;
                justify-content: center;
                padding: 20px;
                background-color: white;
                position: relative;
                height: 100px;
                border-bottom: 1px solid #ddd;
            }

            .header h1 {
                font-size: 36px;
                font-weight: bold;
                color: black;
                text-align: center;
            }

            .header a.home-link {
                text-decoration: none;
                color: black;
            }

            .header a.home-link:hover {
                color: #29abe2;
            }

            .search-bar {
                position: absolute;
                left: 20px;
                padding: 12px 16px;
                font-size: 16px;
                border: 2px solid black;
                border-radius: 20px;
                outline: none;
                width: 280px;
            }

            .profile-circle {
                position: absolute;
                right: 20px;
                width: 70px;
                height: 70px;
                border-radius: 50%;
                background-color: #333;
                border: 2px solid black;
                cursor: pointer;
            }

            /* NAV BUTTONS */
            .nav-buttons {
                display: flex;
                width: 100%;
            }

            .nav-button {
                flex: 1;
                padding: 14px;
                background-color: #29abe2;
                color: white;
                font-size: 18px;
                font-weight: bold;
                text-align: center;
                text-decoration: none;
                border-right: 2px solid white;
                cursor: pointer;
            }

            .nav-button:last-child {
                border-right: none;
            }

            .nav-button:hover {
                background-color: #1a8abf;
            }

            /* MAIN CONTENT AREA */
            .main-content {
                display: flex;
                padding: 20px;
                gap: 20px;
            }

            /* LEFT SIDE - intro + glossary */
            .left-side {
                flex: 3;
                display: flex;
                flex-direction: column;
                gap: 20px;
            }

            .intro-box {
                background-color: #f47c20;
                border: 2px solid #f47c20;
                border-radius: 8px;
                padding: 30px;
                font-size: 16px;
                line-height: 1.8;
                color: white;
            }

            .intro-box h2 {
                font-size: 24px;
                margin-bottom: 15px;
                color: white;
            }

            .glossary-box {
                background-color: #ffb6c1;
                border: 2px solid #f47c20;
                border-radius: 8px;
                padding: 20px;
            }

            .glossary-box h2 {
                font-size: 20px;
                margin-bottom: 15px;
                color: #333;
            }

            .glossary-box textarea {
                width: 100%;
                height: 120px;
                font-size: 15px;
                padding: 10px;
                border: 1px solid #ccc;
                border-radius: 6px;
                background-color: #fff0f3;
                resize: none;
                font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            }

            /* RIGHT SIDE - headlines */
            .right-side {
                flex: 1;
                background-color: #8b0000;
                border-radius: 8px;
                padding: 20px;
                color: white;
            }

            .right-side h2 {
                font-size: 20px;
                margin-bottom: 15px;
                border-bottom: 2px solid white;
                padding-bottom: 8px;
            }

            .headline {
                background-color: rgba(255,255,255,0.1);
                border-radius: 6px;
                padding: 12px;
                margin-bottom: 12px;
                font-size: 14px;
                line-height: 1.5;
                cursor: pointer;
            }

            .headline:hover {
                background-color: rgba(255,255,255,0.2);
            }

            .headline .date {
                font-size: 11px;
                color: #ffaaaa;
                margin-bottom: 4px;
            }
        </style>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>

        <!-- HEADER -->
        <div class="header">
            <input type="text" class="search-bar" placeholder="Search..." />
            <h1><a class="home-link" href="index.xhtml">Formula 1 Website</a></h1>
            <div class="profile-circle"></div>
        </div>

        <!-- NAV BUTTONS -->
        <div class="nav-buttons">
            <a href="Seasons.xhtml"  class="nav-button">Seasons</a>
            <a href="Teams.xhtml"    class="nav-button">Teams</a>
            <a href="Drivers.xhtml"  class="nav-button">Drivers</a>
            <a href="Circuits.xhtml" class="nav-button">Circuits</a>
        </div>

        <!-- MAIN CONTENT -->
        <div class="main-content">

            <!-- LEFT: Intro + Glossary -->
            <div class="left-side">

                <div class="intro-box">
                    <h2>Welcome to the World of Formula 1</h2>
                    <p>
                        Formula 1 is the highest class of international motorsport sanctioned by the
                        Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). Known as the pinnacle of
                        motorsport, F1 races take place on purpose-built circuits and street circuits
                        across the globe, attracting millions of fans worldwide.
                    </p>
                    <br/>
                    <p>
                        Each season consists of a series of races known as Grands Prix, held across
                        multiple continents. Teams compete using highly advanced single-seater cars
                        powered by hybrid turbocharged engines, pushing the boundaries of engineering
                        and technology. Drivers battle not only for race victories but also for the
                        coveted World Drivers Championship and Constructors Championship titles.
                    </p>
                    <br/>
                    <p>
                        With legendary circuits like Monza, Silverstone, and Monaco, and iconic
                        champions such as Ayrton Senna, Michael Schumacher, and Lewis Hamilton,
                        Formula 1 has a rich history spanning over 70 years of racing excellence.
                    </p>
                </div>

                <div class="glossary-box">
                    <h2>F1 Glossary</h2>
                    <textarea readonly="readonly">
DRS (Drag Reduction System) - A movable flap on the rear wing that reduces drag to help overtaking.
Pit Stop - When a car pulls into the pit lane for tyre changes or repairs during a race.
Podium - The top 3 finishers in a race (1st, 2nd, 3rd place).
Pole Position - The front spot on the starting grid, earned by the fastest qualifier.
Safety Car - Deployed during dangerous conditions to neutralise the race and bunch up the field.
Understeer - When the front tyres lose grip and the car pushes wide in a corner.
Oversteer - When the rear tyres lose grip and the back of the car slides out.
Parc Fermé - A restricted area where cars cannot be modified after qualifying.
Grand Prix - An individual race event in the Formula 1 World Championship.
Constructor - A team that designs and builds its own F1 car.
                    </textarea>
                </div>

            </div>

            <!-- RIGHT: Latest Headlines -->
            <div class="right-side">
                <h2>Latest Headlines</h2>

                <div class="headline">
                    <div class="date">April 2025</div>
                    Max Verstappen takes pole position at the Bahrain Grand Prix with a stunning lap.
                </div>

                <div class="headline">
                    <div class="date">March 2025</div>
                    Ferrari announce major upgrades ahead of the European season opener.
                </div>

                <div class="headline">
                    <div class="date">March 2025</div>
                    Lewis Hamilton speaks out on his move to Ferrari — "This is a new chapter."
                </div>

                <div class="headline">
                    <div class="date">February 2025</div>
                    FIA confirms new tyre regulations set to shake up strategy for the 2025 season.
                </div>

                <div class="headline">
                    <div class="date">February 2025</div>
                    McLaren reveal their 2025 challenger at a star-studded launch event in London.
                </div>
            </div>

        </div>

    </h:body>
</html>
